It was eight o'clock in
the morning and the red
hot sun was burning bright.
The sky was blue and
the air dry as it was
already heating up.
Just when he woke up, the lazy
boy heard his mother call him.
Yes, I'm awake.
I'll be down soon.
Give me one
minute, he replied.
His pet, a black cat, was
sitting near the leg of
the bed as if he wanted
to say good morning.
morning.
I have no time to play
with you now, said the boy.
I need to go to the
bathroom to take a
shower and wash myself.
When the little boy came
downstairs for breakfast,
his father was sitting at
the table near the window.
He was eating some
food and drinking a cup
of yellow lemon tea.
Mother was singing with her
beautiful and pure voice.
She tried not to miss
out a single note.
Thank you very much.
Bye-bye.